README.md, before:

# Project Pages

Project Pages is Jekyll Template specifically geared towards collaborative science. For more information, click [here](https://github.com/projectpages/project-pages/wiki/).

# Nav Bar Jumbles

If you have seemingly random pages popping up on your Nav Bar recently, this is due to the fact that GitHub/Jekyll changed a fundemental rule they used to render pages. 

## CAUSE:
It used to be that if a markdown file didn't have `---` frontmatter at the beginning, it wasn't rendered as a page. This was changed very recently (like in the last 2 days) so that every markdown file anywhere no matter what gets rendered as a page.  

## FIX:

1) Go to:

`project-pages/plugin/projector/` or `yourreponame/plugin/projector/` and delete the `README.md` file. This can be done graphically for the non-Git-savvy by simply going to your:

GitHub account -> Your Profile -> Repositories -> Project-Pages/Your Repo -> Plugin -> projector 

and clicking on the files, then clicking on the "thrash can / delete this file" icon on the top right corner of the file.

2) Go to:

`project-pages/css/theme/` or `yourreponame/css/theme/` and delete the `README.md` file. This can be done graphically for the non-Git-savvy by simply going to your:

GitHub account -> Your Profile -> Repositories -> Project-Pages/Your Repo -> Plugin -> projector 

and clicking on the files, then clicking on the "thrash can / delete this file" icon on the top right corner of the file.

Commit message:

Added profile pictures, cleaned old posts, and wrote a readme

README.md, after:

# SOC-Hub: A Learning Site for Soil Carbon Science 

This repository contains all files related to the SOC-Hub project.

This is a `git` repository, a version control system that keeps track of all files we will share in this project. It will help us to stay updated with the most recent version of all files and recover previous versions if needed.

The first thing you want to do is to clone this repository, i.e. to download a copy of all files to your computer so you can work on them, make changes and then push updated versions to the central repository. To clone the repository you need first to open the Terminal in OS X, or the Command Prompt in Windows. Once you are there type

```
git clone https://github.com/powellcenter-soilcarbon/SOC-Hub.git
```

now go to the SOC-Hub folder and see if everything is there

```
cd SOC-Hub/
ls
```

After making changes to existing files or adding new files, you have to tell Git to incorporate these changes with `git add` as

```
git add filename.extension
```

Then, you need to commit the changes before pushing to the central copy using the command `git commit` as

```
git commit -m "Write here a meaningful message"
```

Now you are ready to share your changes with the group using the command

```
git push
```

If you run into problems, you probably can find a solution online just by googling it. You can also find documentation in [Git's website](http://www.git-scm.com/).
